release 2024-01-22 (#1445)
tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle: CHANGELOG.md

# TigerBeetle Changelog

## 2024-01-22

### Safety And Performance

- [#1438](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/1438)

  Avoid an extra copy of data when encoding the superblock during checkpoint.

- [#1429](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/1429)

  Use more precise upper bounds for static memory allocation, reducing memory usage by about 200MiB.

- [#1439](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/1439)

  When reading data past the end of the file, defensively zero-out the result buffer.

### Features

- [#1443](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/1443)

  Upgrade C# client API to use `Span<T>`.

- [#1347](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/1347)

  Add ID generation function to the Java client. TigerBeetle doesn't assign any meaning to IDs and
  can use anything as long as it is unique. However, for optimal performance it is best if these
  client-generated IDs are approximately monotonic. This can be achieved by, for example, using

>   client's current time stamp for high order bits of an ID. The new helper does just that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  client's current timestamp for high order bits of an ID. The new helper does just that.
```
